Fix outage message, retriggering is needed (#159)
packit/status: content/issues/2024-08-28-tf-outage.md

Testing Farm infrastructure is having an outage resulting in test jobs being stuck in queued state.

> The affected test jobs should be retriggered commenting with `/packit test` the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The affected test jobs should be retriggered by commenting `/packit test` on the affected pull requests.
```

> The affected test jobs should be retriggered commenting with `/packit test` the pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The affected test jobs should be [retriggered](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/upstream/tests#restart-testing) by commenting `/packit test` in the corresponding pull request.
```
